$t1$Wmツバキ|7$Wsツバキ|$Wa$w0|$E笑,|Yep yep…\nAnother perfect day!$k\n$Wmヒナタ|3$w0|$Wsヒナタ|$WaOh, Tsubaki. You seem pretty energetic.$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E通常,|Ah, if it isn’t Hinataaaa! $k$pToday I look even more perfect than usual,\nI’m fascinated~$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$E苦,汗|Huuuuh!? You’re fascinated with yourself?!\nThe heck is with you…$k$pTch… Why do you care about your appearance so much?$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E笑,|Because it’s important.$k$pIf you tidy yourself on the outside,\nyour inner beauty will shine too~$k$p$Eキメ,|Think about it.\nIf a tidy and an untidy person act exactly the same,\nthe impressions made will be different, right~?$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$E怒,汗|W-Well, I guess…$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E通常,|Hinata, don’t you care about how you look?$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$E通常,|Well, no.\nIt’s fine if you get dirty, right?$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E怒,|That’s no goooood!$k$pWouldn’t that embarrass your lord Takumi-sama?$k$pBesides, as a man,\nit’s rude to look messy next to a woman.$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$E怒,汗|W-Well…\nReally?$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E通常,|Yeah, yeah. For example…$k$p$Eキメ,|”Hinata-san looks messy again today!”\n”Look, there’s a food stain on his clothes!”$k$p”It’s unclean, so unclean!”\n”Nooo, he even has bed hair!”$k$p$E笑,|…Won’t it be bad if people say stuff like that?$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$E苦,汗|H-Hey! That’s irrelevant!!$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E通常,|I’m simply saying it so even a swordfighting moron like you can understand…\nI think~$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$E怒,汗|Ngh…! How rude.$k$pThough it’s annoying, I kind of understand.\nIf I heard that kind of stuff all the time, I’d be really down.$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E通常,|Right? See, to girls,\nthe face is mostly unimportant. $k$pWhat’s more important is a sense of tidiness~$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$E通常,|Is that so… If Tsubaki says so,\nthen it’s probably right…!$k$p$E笑,|Okay! Tsubaki!\nTeach me about personal appearance!$k\n$Wsツバキ|$Wa$E笑,|Oh~ Finally interested, aren’t you?$k$pThen I’ll try my best to help!!$k\n$Wsヒナタ|$Wa$Eキメ,|Yes! Looking forward to it!$k